2.1 Experiment 1: Declare, Initialize, and Display 2-Dimensional Array

Q : Do array elements have to be filled in sequentially starting from the 0th index? Please
explain!

Answer : yes array by defaulf start form 0.explain

Q: Why is there a null in the list of audience names?

Answer: its null beacuse we did not assign any value to that row and column.

Q: Explain the function of audience.length and audience[0].length!
   Do audience[0].length, audience[1].length, audience[2].length, and
   audience[3].l ength have the same value? Why?
   
Answer: audience.length will print the length of array audience

         They all have the same value because you created a regular (rectangular)
          2D array every row has the same number of columns.
          
Q: What is the max row index for the audience array?

Answer: the MAX row index is 0,1,2,3 so its 4


Q: What is the max column index for the audience array?

Answer: the MAX column index is 0,1 so its 2



Q: What is the function of String.join()?

Answer: The function String.join() in Java is used to combine (join) multiple strings
        into one single string, with a separator placed between each part.
        
        
2.2 Experiment 2: Utilizing Scanners and Loops for Input and Output on 2
       Dimensional Arrays 
  
  Q: Should the array elements from the scanner be filled in sequentially starting from the
     0th index? Please explain!     
       
Answer: No its upto user how they will fill it. beacuse its input system.

Q: odify the program code to provide the following menu options: - - - 
Menu 1: Input audience data 
Menu 2: Show audience list 
Menu 3: Exit

Answer: Added in program.

2.3 Experiment 3: 2-Dimensional Array with Different Row Lengths 

Q: What is the function of Arrays.toString()? 
ANswer: if we print array directly it will give you and code type which is not readble 
        if if we print it through Attays.toString()? it will comvert evrthing to string and then print.
        
 Q: What is the default value for elements in an array with the data type int?String
 
 Answer: the deafult value for array in inteager form is 0.String
 
 
2.4 Experiment 4: SIAKAD Case Study



              